Diffie – Hellman algorithm is an algorithm that allows two parties to get the shared secret key using the communication channel, which is not protected
from the interception but is protected from modification.
Diffie – Hellman algorithm is extremely simple in its idea and with it has rather high level of cryptographic stability, which is based on the supposed
complexity of the discrete problem of taking the logarithm.
Supposing there are two participants of the exchange (let’s call them Alice and Bob, as it is traditionally established in cryptography). Both of them
know two numbers P and G. These numbers are not secret and can be known to anyone. The goal of Alice and Bob is to obtain the shared secret key to help 
them to exchange messages in future.
Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) is an approach to public-key cryptography, based on the algebraic structure of elliptic curves over finite fields.
ECC requires a smaller key as compared to non-ECC cryptography to provide equivalent security (a 256-bit ECC security have an equivalent security attained
by 3072-bit RSA cryptography).
For a better understanding of Elliptic Curve Cryptography, it is very important to understand the basics of Elliptic Curve. An elliptic curve is a planar
algebraic curve defined by an equation of the form
where ‘a’ is the co-efficient of x and ‘b’ is the constant of the equation
The curve is non-singular; that is its graph has no cusps or self-intersections. (when the characteristic of the co-efficient field is equal to 2 or 3).
In general, an elliptic curve looks like as shown below. Elliptic curves could intersect at most 3 points when a straight line is drawn intersecting the curve. As we can 
see that elliptic curve is symmetric about the x-axis, this property plays a key role in the algorithm.
The Diffie-Hellman algorithm is being used to establish a shared secret that can be used for secret communications while exchanging data over a public network 
using the elliptic curve to generate points and get the secret key using the parameters.
• For the sake of simplicity and practical implementation of the algorithm,
we will consider only 4 variables one prime P and G (a primitive root of P) and two private values a and b.
• P and G are both publicly available numbers. Users (say Alice and Bob) pick private values a and b and they generate a key and exchange it publicly, the opposite 
person received the key and from that generates a secret key after which they have the same secret key to encrypt.
