

RSA Algorithm is used to encrypt and decrypt data in modern computer systems and other electronic devices. RSA algorithm is an asymmetric cryptographic algorithm as it creates 2 different
keys for the purpose of encryption and decryption. It is public key cryptography as one of the keys involved is made public. RSA stands for Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Leonard Adleman who
first publicly described it in 1978.
RSA makes use of prime numbers (arbitrary large numbers) to function. The public key is made available publicly (means to everyone) and only the person having the private key with them can
decrypt the original message.

The RSA algorithm involves three steps:
1. Key generation
2. Encryption
3. Decryption.

Key generation
For the RSA cryptosystem, we first start off by generating two large prime numbers, 'p' and 'q', of about the same size in bits. Next, compute 'n' where n = pq, 
and 'x' such that, x = (p -1)(q-1). We select a small odd integer less than x, which is relatively prime to it i.e. gcd(e,x) = 1. Finally we find out the unique 
multiplicative inverse of e modulo x, and name it 'd'. In other words, ed = 1 (mod x), and of course, 1 < d < x. Now, the public key is the pair (e,n) and the 
private key is d.
RSA Encryption
Suppose Bob wishes to send a message (say 'm') to Alice. To encrypt the message using the RSA encryption scheme, Bob must obtain Alice's public key pair (e,n). 
The message to send must now be encrypted using this pair (e,n). However, the message 'm' must be represented as an integer in the interval [0,n-1]. To encrypt it, 
Bob simply computes the number 'c' where c = m ^ e mod n. Bob sends the ciphertext c to Alice.
RSA Decryption
To decrypt the ciphertext c, Alice needs to use her own private key d (the decryption exponent) and the modulus n. Simply computing the value of c ^ d mod n 
yields back the decypted message (m).
Any article treating the RSA algorithm in considerable depth proves the correctness of the decryption algorithm. And such texts also offer considerable
insights into the various security issues related to.

Working of RSA Algorithm
RSA involves use of public and private key for its operation. The keys are generated using the following steps:-
1. Two prime numbers are selected as p and q
2. n = pq which is the modulus of both the keys.
3. Calculate totient = (p-1)(q-1)
4. Choose e such that e > 1 and coprime to totient which means gcd (e, totient) must be equal to 1, e is the public key
5. Choose d such that it satisfies the equation de = 1 + k (totient), d is the private key not known to everyone.
6. Cipher text is calculated using the equation c = m^e mod n where m is the message.
7. With the help of c and d we decrypt message using equation m = c^d mod n where dis the private key.
